---
title: "Northeastern Activities"
date: 2024-09-09T12:29:25-05:00
draft: false
---

For the longest time, my about page had a very lengthy section about the extracurricular activities and advocacy work I was involved in at Northeastern University during both my bachelor's and master's degrees.  However, in general, an About page should not take twenty minutes to read, so I made the decision to remove much of what was written.  However, I am still very proud of the work that I was involved in even a year later, so I have included the highlights here.

<ul>
<li>
I was the 2021-22 Northeastern <a href = "https://neu.campuslabs.com/engage/organization/math-club">Math Club </a> president, overseeing the transition of the club back to in-person gatherings and the push to increase accessibility for and attendance of underclassmen students.  With the help of my executive board, we hosted a variety of speakers and panels, and trips to events at Brown University and the Museum of Science.  Meetings averaged 20-30 attendees per talk, with some attracting upwards of 50, which was an increase of over 25% from years past.  With the help of the addition of two officers, we increased our social media involvement, engaging incoming freshmen and current students on Twitter and Instagram, and grew our Discord server to over 300 members.  We also greatly improved our collaboration efforts with other Math Department organizations, including the Diversity & Inclusion Committee, MathEMA, and the Association of Women in Mathematics.  <br><br>

Following a successful campaign to bring much needed improvements to the club constitution, I stepped down as president after my undergraduate careeer came to a close.  However, I continue to be an advocate for the Math Club, and was a de facto student advisor for the new officers for the 2022-23 academic year.  For work done with the Math Club, I received the Alberto Galmarino Award in May 2022, an award given to up to one undergraduate math student each year in recognition of service to the department.</li>
<li>
I was the interim vice-president of <a href="https://www.northeasternmathema.org/">MathEMA</a>, the department's student mentoring program, in the fall of 2022.  During this time, I developed trainings for incoming mentors.  I also assisted in getting the program recognized as an official Northeastern student organization, which affords MathEMA the opportunity for university and external funding.  As part of this process, I helped develop an undergraduate student board, and advised this group in the spring of 2023.
</li>
<li>
In the spring of 2023, I worked with two current PhD students to develop the department's <a href = "https://mathdept.sites.northeastern.edu/directed-reading-program/">Directed Reading Program</a>.  We paired interested undergraduate students with math PhD students, and these pairings explored a topic of their choosing through self-paced reading of a particular book or article with substantial guidance of the graduate student mentor.  For the inaguaral semester, we had approximately 30 undergraduate students and 10 PhD students participate.  The DRP will continue next year under the guidance of an organizing committee, with funding providing by the department.  For this work (and work done with the other student organizations), I received the Outstanding Departmental Service Graduate Award in April 2023.
</li>
<li>
I was a member of the department's Diversity & Inclusion Committee, where I was originally representing the Math Club but this year, students in the master's program.  This committee consists of faculty and students and meets regularly throughout the year (including summers) to discuss, among other topics, how to increase student engagement with department events and organizations, as well as how to better communicate with students as a whole.  
</li>
<li>
During my time as an undergraduate student, I also was a peer tutor, a teaching assistant for an introduction to proofs course for math and CS majors (<a href="https://bnrordsp.neu.edu/ssb-prod/bwckctlg.p_display_courses?term_in=202510&one_subj=MATH&sel_subj=&sel_crse_strt=1365&sel_crse_end=1365&sel_levl=&sel_schd=&sel_coll=&sel_divs=&sel_dept=&sel_attr=">MATH 1365</a>) and Complex Variables (<a href="https://bnrordsp.neu.edu/ssb-prod/bwckctlg.p_display_courses?term_in=202510&one_subj=MATH&sel_subj=&sel_crse_strt=4555&sel_crse_end=4555&sel_levl=&sel_schd=&sel_coll=&sel_divs=&sel_dept=&sel_attr=">MATH 4555</a>), and a grader for courses such as Calculus 3 (<a href="https://bnrordsp.neu.edu/ssb-prod/bwckctlg.p_display_courses?term_in=202510&one_subj=MATH&sel_subj=&sel_crse_strt=2321&sel_crse_end=2321&sel_levl=&sel_schd=&sel_coll=&sel_divs=&sel_dept=&sel_attr=">MATH 2321</a>), Linear Algebra (<a href="https://bnrordsp.neu.edu/ssb-prod/bwckctlg.p_display_courses?term_in=202510&one_subj=MATH&sel_subj=&sel_crse_strt=2331&sel_crse_end=2331&sel_levl=&sel_schd=&sel_coll=&sel_divs=&sel_dept=&sel_attr=">MATH 2331</a>), and Real Analysis  (<a href="https://bnrordsp.neu.edu/ssb-prod/bwckctlg.p_display_courses?term_in=202510&one_subj=MATH&sel_subj=&sel_crse_strt=3150&sel_crse_end=3150&sel_levl=&sel_schd=&sel_coll=&sel_divs=&sel_dept=&sel_attr=">MATH 3150</a>).
</li>
</ul>
